All right so let out some styles to this Slider.
I'm going to just paste right here.
The separator and we want to make reference to item dash slider.
All right.
And we're going to just add some styles and I'm going to put the hide of 700 pixels and now we get it.
Notice the difference.
All right let's get.
So let's.
We don't need to do a lot more.
We need to set the background size to cover.
So I'm going to say background and then set the size to cover and then important.
Let's get.
So it's going to center just said the background size this cover is going to fit the whole container.
Now what I'm going to do I'm going to set the background position to center.
So I'm going to say background and then position to center center send her.
You're going to make it a position relative.
So we can float the captions.
So I'm going to say position relative.
And we're going to use a font family inside here and we're going to use that for all of one.
You can just copy it from here and paste it right at the bottom.
Burguet So we're going to make reference to items either again and make reference to the caption.
So I going to say Dot caption right so the caption is going to have a color of white and we can see
it now.
OK that's good.
We have the caption.
So what are we going to do.
We're going to make a position absolute and the position absolute.
We want to make it ride zero pixels and then panning and the panning is going to be tiny pixels.
OK.
We want to align it to the right.
So I'm going to say text align and the text line is going to be to the right.
Forget now right here we have zero can say just zero.
What else we want to set with initial width and the width is going to be 320 pixels.
And we want to transform the text to uppercase So we will say text transform and then uppercase Burguet
looks nice.
Let's modify the 8:4 so it can be a lot bigger.
I'm going to say item slider and we're going to make reference to that H for tag.
We have some styles already on the 8:4 and we going to say font and font weight and the font weight
is going to be 300 and you can add a margin of zero pixels.
Right.
If we have zero we can get rid of the pixels.
Now let's add some styles to the to the text right here.
Top score of the week.
So we need to add some styles to that.
I'm going to say item slider and then make reference to dot caption and I forgot to do it right here.
Make the reference still working but now it's just better the caption.
And we're going to make reference to the p tag.
And we want to font size we have right here font size and the font size is going to be 70 pixels.
OK.
Kind of looks nice at the margin.
And then top.
And we're going to make it zero pixels.
That could be better looks nicer at it that way.
Now right now it's really small.
If we make it bigger it's nicer.
OK let's get.
So we are done with the with the slider.
Everything is working fine.
Now let's go to the next section and start doing the next part which is can it be the subscribed to
us.
And right now it's not taking the center center with the background position and it's because they forgot
to put important no.
And that's much much better.
There we go.
So now we're going to do this this described to us whenever the user subscribes.
We're going to add something.
And if it's not right it's going to say check your e-mail.
And if it's right it's going to add it to the DVD adjacent to the database.
Let's go to the next section and did this.